
Dataset:
TreeQA require two different files as input file, genotype file and
phenotype file.
for phenotype file, each line contains one individual's name and
phenotype value, separated by space.
for genotype file, it is a cvs format. First line of genotype file is
header, beginning with some meta information such as SNP id, position,
etc, and following the names of strains/individuals (Genotype
information must be consecutive columns and must start from some
column to the end ). Please take a look at sample.csv as an example.
And your csv file is not necessary to have exact the same meta info as
the example file. In config.cfg, you can configure how many columns at
beginning will be ignored by TreeQA.

config.cfg:
It is the configuration file of TreeQA, please take a look at the
content, I make some content about each parameters. The parameters you
need to modify to make sure TreeQA is running correctly is hvalue,
mvalue, ignore_column. hvalue and mvalue are the characters to
represent heterozygous site and missing value in the data, besides
A,T,C,G to represent four nucleotides. Though TreeQA could handle
missing value, but the effectiveness is very limited, and some time it
introduces errors. So if you can, please delete all SNPs with missing
values. Or make sure the missing part is less than 1%.

Result:
Result file names could be specified, and in the first command as an
example, it is sample_pvalue and sample_tree.output. There two files
have same number of lines. Each line in sample_pvalue corresponds to
the same line in sample_tree.output. Sample_pvalue file only contains
one number in each line, which is log(-Pvalue), the higher the more
significant. And sample_tree.output is another file contains three
columns, the first two columns are the begin and end SNP of the
phylogeny tree, indexed by the row number in your genotype file. And
the third column is the phylogeny tree TreeQA use for calculation.